index.md, before:

# Hong Kong Internet Research Workshop (HKIRW) 2026

![hkust.png](hkust.png)

## Workshop on Future Internet Research Directions

Mar 13, 2026 
Shenzhen International Graduate School, Tsinghua University, Shenzhen
[http://hkirw.github.io/2026](http://hkirw.github.io/2026)

Built on the huge success of the [HKIRW 2024](http://hkirw.github.io/2024) and [HKIRW 2025](http://hkirw.github.io/2025), in the week before the [IETF-125 meeting in Shenzhen](https://www.ietf.org/how/meetings/125/), this workshop aims to bring together researchers in computer networking and systems around the globe to a live forum discussing innovative ideas at their early stages. 
The mission of the workshop is that promising but not-yet-mature ideas can receive timely feedback from the community and experienced researchers, leading them into future IRTF work, Internet Drafts, or IETF working groups.

The workshop will operate like a “one day [Dagstuhl](https://www.dagstuhl.de/) seminar” and will focus on discussion and ideas exchange and less on conference-style presentations. The objective is to identify topics and connect like-minded people for potential future collaboration.

## Topics of Interest

Topics can be anything related to Internet research, but are expected be controversial – that’s the purpose of this workshop\!.

## How to Contribute

We extremely welcome suggestions for a discussion topic and/or a lightning talk. Please contact the organizers (see below).

## Register

Please [register here](https://forms.gle/65X2dLbgPXnA4ciC8).

If you need an invitation letter, please contact [zilim@ust.hk](mailto:zilim@ust.hk).  

## Hotel Information

Please visit IETF 125 Shenzhen for [hotel information](https://www.ietf.org/meeting/125/hotel/).

## Organizers

* Prof. [Dirk Kutscher](https://dirk-kutscher.info/), HKUST(GZ), [dku@hkust-gz.edu.cn](mailto:dku@hkust-gz.edu.cn)
* Prof. [Yuhan Dong](https://www.sigs.tsinghua.edu.cn/dyh_en/main.htm), Tsinghua SIGS, [dongyuhan@sz.tsinghua.edu.cn](mailto:dongyuhan@sz.tsinghua.edu.cn)
* Prof. [Zili Meng](https://zilimeng.com/), HKUST, [zilim@ust.hk](mailto:zilim@ust.hk)

Commit message:

Revise HKIRW 2026 details and venue information
Updated workshop details and contact information.

index.md, after:

# HKUST Internet Research Workshop (HKIRW) 2026

![hkust.png](hkust.png)

## Workshop on Future Internet Research Directions

Mar 13, 2026 

HKUST Shenzhen – Hong Kong Collaborative Innovation Research Institute (SHCIRI)

Room 4109, 41/F, [Changfu Jinmao Tower](https://maps.app.goo.gl/sAgZdyatGJz4cERS8), Futian, Shenzhen

(in local languange: 长富金茂大厦)

[http://hkirw.github.io/2026](http://hkirw.github.io/2026)

Built on the huge success of the [HKIRW 2024](http://hkirw.github.io/2024) and [HKIRW 2025](http://hkirw.github.io/2025), in the week before the [IETF-125 meeting in Shenzhen](https://www.ietf.org/how/meetings/125/), this workshop aims to bring together researchers in computer networking and systems around the globe to a live forum discussing innovative ideas at their early stages. 
The mission of the workshop is that promising but not-yet-mature ideas can receive timely feedback from the community and experienced researchers, leading them into future IRTF work, Internet Drafts, or IETF working groups.

The workshop will operate like a “one day [Dagstuhl](https://www.dagstuhl.de/) seminar” and will focus on discussion and ideas exchange and less on conference-style presentations. The objective is to identify topics and connect like-minded people for potential future collaboration.

## Topics of Interest

Topics can be anything related to Internet research, but are expected be controversial – that’s the purpose of this workshop\!.

## How to Contribute

We extremely welcome suggestions for a discussion topic and/or a lightning talk. Please contact the organizers (see below).

## Register

Please [register here](https://forms.gle/65X2dLbgPXnA4ciC8).

If you need an invitation letter, please contact us.  

## Hotel Information

Please visit IETF 125 Shenzhen for [hotel information](https://www.ietf.org/meeting/125/hotel/). The venue is 3km away from the IETF hotel ([direction](https://maps.app.goo.gl/b5qpc4pB3X58eJRw6)).

## Organizers

* Prof. [Dirk Kutscher](https://dirk-kutscher.info/), HKUST(GZ), [dku@hkust-gz.edu.cn](mailto:dku@hkust-gz.edu.cn)
* Prof. [Yuhan Dong](https://www.sigs.tsinghua.edu.cn/dyh_en/main.htm), Tsinghua SIGS, [dongyuhan@sz.tsinghua.edu.cn](mailto:dongyuhan@sz.tsinghua.edu.cn)
* Prof. [Zili Meng](https://zilimeng.com/), HKUST, [zilim@ust.hk](mailto:zilim@ust.hk)
